Docs grammar and typos check (#6064)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/commercetools/getting-started.md

    }
```

There is plenty of other configuration options, and you can check them [here](./configuration.md)

## Configuring other integrations

> Depending on the configuration and VSF version you use, you could have additional integrations to set up. You will find their settings in `middleware.config.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the configuration and version of Vue Storefront you use, you could have additional integrations to set up. You will find their settings in `middleware.config.js`.
```
